[WIP] simplified the setup page and fixed broken links (#482)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: docs/rum_getting_started.md

# Getting Started with Android RUM Collection

Datadog Real User Monitoring (RUM) enables you to visualize and analyze the real-time performance and user journeys of your application's individual users.

## Setup

1. Declare [dd-sdk-android][1] as a dependency in your `build.gradle` file:

    ```conf
    repositories {
        maven { url "https://dl.bintray.com/datadog/datadog-maven" }
    }

    dependencies {
        implementation "com.datadoghq:dd-sdk-android:x.x.x"
    }
    ```

> 2. [Specify application details in Datadog UI][2] to generate a unique Datadog Application ID, and Client Token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Specify application details in Datadog][2] to generate a unique Datadog application ID and client token.
```

{{< img src="docs/images/screenshot_rum.png" alt="RUM Event hierarchy" style="width:50%;border:none" >}}

> To ensure safety of your data, you must use a client token: you cannot use [Datadog API keys][3] to configure the `dd-sdk-android` library as they would be exposed client-side in the Android application APK byte code. For more information about setting up a client token, see the [client token documentation][4]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure the safety of your data, you must use a client token: you cannot use [Datadog API keys][3] to configure the `dd-sdk-android` library, as they would be exposed client-side in the Android application APK byte code. For more information about setting up a client token, see the [Client Token documentation][4].
```

       override fun onCreate() {
           super.onCreate()

          val configuration = Configuration.Builder()
                        .trackInteractions()
                        .trackLongTasks(durationThresold)
                        .useViewTrackingStrategy(strategy)
                        .build()
          val credentials = Credentials(<CLIENT_TOKEN>,<ENV_NAME>,<APP_VARIANT_NAME>,<APPLICATION_ID>)
          Datadog.initialize(this, credentials, configuration, trackingConsent)

       }
   }
```

    {{% /tab %}}
    {{% tab "EU" %}}
```kotlin
class SampleApplication : Application() {
    override fun onCreate() {
        super.onCreate()

        val configuration = Configuration.Builder()
                        .trackInteractions()
                        .trackLongTasks(durationThresold)
                        .useViewTrackingStrategy(strategy)
                        .useEUEndpoints()
                        .build()
        val credentials = Credentials(<CLIENT_TOKEN>,<ENV_NAME>,<APP_VARIANT_NAME>,<APPLICATION_ID>)
        Datadog.initialize(this, credentials, configuration, trackingConsent)
          
    }
}
```
    {{% /tab %}}
    {{< /tabs >}}

> Learn more about [ViewTrackingStrategy][5] to enable auto tracking of all your views (activities, fragments etc.), [trackingConsent][6] to add GDPR compliance for your EU users and [other configuration options][7] to initialize the library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about [`ViewTrackingStrategy`][5] to enable automatic tracking of all your views (activities, fragments ,etc.), [`trackingConsent`][6] to add GDPR compliance for your EU users, and [other configuration options][7] to initialize the library.
```

> Note that in the credentials required for initialization, your application variant name is also required. This is important because it enables the right proguard `mapping.txt` file to be automatically uploaded at build time to be able to view de-obfuscated stack traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in the credentials required for initialization, your application variant name is also required. This is important because it enables the right ProGuard `mapping.txt` file to be automatically uploaded at build time to be able to view de-obfuscated stack traces.
```

4. Configure and register the RUM Monitor. You only need to do it once, usually in your application's `onCreate()` method:

    ```kotlin
    val monitor = RumMonitor.Builder()
            .build()
    GlobalRum.registerIfAbsent(monitor)
    ```

5. To track your OkHttp requests as resources, add the provided [Interceptor][8]:

    ```kotlin
    val okHttpClient =  OkHttpClient.Builder()
        .addInterceptor(DatadogInterceptor())
        .build()
    ```

>     This records each request processed by the OkHttpClient as a Resource in RUM, with all the relevant information automatically filled (URL, method, status code, error). Note that only network requests started when a view is active will be tracked. If you want to track requests when your application is in the background, you can [create a view manually][9].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This records each request processed by the `OkHttpClient` as a resource in RUM, with all the relevant information automatically filled (URL, method, status code, error). Note that only network requests started when a view is active are tracked. If you want to track requests when your application is in the background, you can [create a view manually][9].
```

    **Note**: If you also use multiple Interceptors, this one must be called first.

> You can further add an EventListener for the OkHttpClient to [automatically track resource timing][10] (3rd party providers, network requests). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can further add an `EventListener` for the `OkHttpClient` to [automatically track resource timing][10] (third-party providers, network requests). 
```

          Datadog.initialize(this, credentials, configuration, trackingConsent)

       }
   }
```

    {{% /tab %}}
    {{% tab "EU" %}}
```kotlin
class SampleApplication : Application() {
    override fun onCreate() {
        super.onCreate()

         val configuration = Configuration.Builder(
            rumEnabled = true,
            crashReportsEnabled = true
        )
                        .trackInteractions()
                        .trackLongTasks(durationThresold)
                        .useViewTrackingStrategy(strategy)
                        .useEUEndpoints()
                        .build()
        val credentials = Credentials(<CLIENT_TOKEN>,<ENV_NAME>,<APP_VARIANT_NAME>,<APPLICATION_ID>)
        Datadog.initialize(this, credentials, configuration, trackingConsent)
          
    }
}
```
    {{% /tab %}}
    {{< /tabs >}}

Learn more about [`ViewTrackingStrategy`][5] to enable automatic tracking of all your views (activities, fragments ,etc.), [`trackingConsent`][6] to add GDPR compliance for your EU users, and [other configuration options][7] to initialize the library.

> Note that in the credentials required for initialization, your application variant name is also required. This is important because it enables the right ProGuard `mapping.txt` file to be automatically uploaded at build time to be able to view de-obfuscated stack traces. [Guide to uploading android source mapping files][8].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that in the credentials required for initialization, your application variant name is also required. This is important because it enables the right ProGuard `mapping.txt` file to be automatically uploaded at build time to be able to view de-obfuscated stack traces. For more information see the [guide to uploading Android source mapping files][8].
```
